Fix grammar issues (#992)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_block-storage-service-config-generation-helper-tool.adoc

= About the {block_storage} configuration generation helper tool

> Creating the right {block_storage_first_ref} configuration files to deploy using Operators may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating the right {block_storage_first_ref} configuration files to deploy by using Operators can
```

> sometimes be complicated. There is a helper tool that can create a draft of the files from a `cinder.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sometimes be complex. There is a helper tool that can create a draft of the files from a `cinder.conf` file.
```

This tool is not meant to be an automation tool. You can use the tool to get a general understanding of how to create the configuration files, or to point out some potential pitfalls and reminders.

[IMPORTANT]

> The tool requires `PyYAML` Python package to be installed (`pip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool requires the `PyYAML` Python package to be installed (`pip
```

install PyYAML`).

This link:helpers/cinder-cfg.py[cinder-cfg.py script] defaults to reading the
`cinder.conf` file from the current directory (unless `--config` option is used)
and outputs files to the current directory (unless `--out-dir` option is used).

> In the output directory you always get a `cinder.patch` file with the Cinder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the output directory, you always get a `cinder.patch` file with the Cinder-
```

> sometimes be a complicated experience, especially the first times, so you have a
> helper tool that can create a draft of the files from a `cinder.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sometimes be complicated. There is a helper tool that can create a draft of the files from a `cinder.conf` file.
```

> This tool is not meant to be an automation tool. It is mostly to help you get the
> gist of it, maybe point out some potential pitfalls and reminders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is not meant to be an automation tool. You can use the tool to get a general understanding of how to create the configuration files, or to point out some potential pitfalls and reminders.
```

[IMPORTANT]
The tool requires `PyYAML` Python package to be installed (`pip
install PyYAML`).

This link:helpers/cinder-cfg.py[cinder-cfg.py script] defaults to reading the
`cinder.conf` file from the current directory (unless `--config` option is used)
and outputs files to the current directory (unless `--out-dir` option is used).

In the output directory you always get a `cinder.patch` file with the Cinder

> specific configuration patch to apply to the `OpenStackControlPlane` custom resource but you might also get an additional file called `cinder-prereq.yaml` with some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific configuration patch to apply to the `OpenStackControlPlane` custom resource, but you might also get an additional file called `cinder-prereq.yaml` with some
```

Output written at ./: cinder.patch
----

The script outputs some warnings to let you know that you might need to do some things
manually, such as add the custom policy or provide the Ceph configuration files, and

> also let you know about a change in how the `service_user` has been removed.

Reviewer: In line 41, does this phrase mean that there was a change in the way that the `service_user` is removed?

> also let you know about a change in how the `service_user` has been removed.

Reviewer: In line 41, can we just say: "and also let you know that the service_user was removed" ?

Author: Done.

----

> The script outputs some warnings to let you know things that you might need to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script outputs some warnings to let you know that you might need to do some things
```

> manually—adding the custom policy, provide the ceph configuration files—and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manually, such as add the custom policy or provide the Ceph configuration files, and
```
